Document enabling cargo-auditable without dh-cargo (#660)
ubuntu/ubuntu-project-docs: docs/contributors/language-specific/rust/cargo-auditable.md

        dh $@ --buildsystem cargo
```

## Creating auditable binaries without `dh-cargo`

There are many Rust packages, such as {manpage}`rust-coreutils(1)` and {manpage}`fish(1)`, that manually invoke {manpage}`cargo(1)` without using `dh-cargo`.

> In these cases, you can manually build using cargo-auditable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In these cases, you can manually build using `cargo-auditable`:
```

1. Include `cargo-auditable` in the package's `Build-Depends` (via `debian/control`).
2. Find where `cargo` is called from the `debian/rules` file, and replace it with `cargo auditable`.

Using `rust-coreutils` as an example, by searching in the repository a little bit, we see that `debian/rules` invokes {manpage}`gmake(1)`,
so we search where the `GNUmakefile` invokes `cargo`.

> Then we can edit it, and save our changes as a debian patch using [the standard workflow](https://ubuntu.com/project/docs/contributors/patching/make-changes-to-a-package/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then we can edit it, and save our changes as a Debian patch using {ref}`the standard workflow <how-to-make-changes-to-a-package>`.
```

Author: Ah I figured you could do something like that but I could not remember it.
